c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\LastFMEvents.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\LastFMEvents.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\LastFMEvents.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\MusicInformation.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\MusicInformation.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\MusicInformation.pri
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\LastFMEvents.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\LastFMEvents.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\LastFMEvents.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\LastFMEvents.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\HomePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\HomePage.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\HomePage.xaml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage1.g.i.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage1.g.cs
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\SearchResultsPage1.xaml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\ArtistDetailPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\ArtistDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\ArtistDetailPage.xaml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pri
C:\Users\Alex\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LastFMEvents\LastFMEvents\obj\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pri.xml
